11/14/24, 4:39 PM Careers at Apple AIML - Software Engineer, Machine Learning Platform & Infrastructure - Careers at Apple
Work at Apple Life at Apple Profile Sign In Search
AIML - Software Engineer, Machine Learning
Platform & Infrastructure
Seattle, Washington, United States
Machine Learning and AI
Submit Resume

Back to search results
33%
Resume Match
2 of 6 keywords are present in your resume Simplify
Summary
Posted: Oct 16, 2024
Role Number:200573737
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products,
services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there’s
no telling what you could accomplish.
Do you want to make Siri and Apple products smarter for our users? The Information Intelligence teams
are building groundbreaking technology for algorithmic search, machine learning, natural language
processing, and artificial intelligence. The features we build are redefining how hundreds of millions of
people use their computers and mobile devices to search and find what they are looking for. Our
universal search engine powers search features across a variety of Apple products, including Siri,
Spotlight, Safari, Messages and Lookup.
As part of this group, you will work with one of the most exciting high performance computing
environments, with petabytes of data, millions of queries per second, and have an opportunity to
imagine and build products that delight our customers every single day.
Description We design, build and maintain infrastructure to support features that empower billions of Apple
users. Our team processes billions of requests every day across our web crawl stack. We rely on our
microservice based architecture to support multimodal crawl which allows us to download billions of
records to support various search features across Apple. We take full end-to-end ownership of our
services, driving them through every stage meticulously, encompassing conception, design,
implementation, deployment, and maintenance. As a result, each one of us takes our responsibilities
seriously. In this team, you’ll have the opportunity to work on incredibly complex large scale systems
with trillions of records and petabytes of data.
https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200573737/aiml-software-engineer-machine-learning-platform-infrastructure 1/3
11/14/24, 4:39 PM Minimum
Qualifications
Preferred
Qualifications
Pay & Benefits AIML - Software Engineer, Machine Learning Platform & Infrastructure - Careers at Apple
BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent experience
Strong coding skills and experience with data structures and algorithms
Experience designing and building scalable distributed services
Experience with petabyte scale data processing & building data pipelines
Experience with AWS Services such as Amazon S3, EC2, EKS
Excellent interpersonal skills able to work independently as well as cross-functionally
Experience in Web Crawl is a plus
Excellent interpersonal skills able to work independently as well as in a team
At Apple, base pay is one part of our total compensation package and is determined within a range.
This provides the opportunity to progress as you grow and develop within a role. The base pay range
for this role is between $135,400 and $250,600, and your base pay will depend on your skills,
qualifications, experience, and location.
Apple employees also have the opportunity to become an Apple shareholder through participation in
Apple’s discretionary employee stock programs. Apple employees are eligible for discretionary
restricted stock unit awards, and can purchase Apple stock at a discount if voluntarily participating in
Apple’s Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You’ll also receive benefits including: Comprehensive
medical and dental coverage, retirement benefits, a range of discounted products and free services,
and for formal education related to advancing your career at Apple, reimbursement for certain
educational expenses — including tuition. Additionally, this role might be eligible for discretionary
bonuses or commission payments as well as relocation. Learn more about Apple Benefits.
Note: Apple benefit, compensation and employee stock programs are subject to eligibility
requirements and other terms of the applicable plan or program.
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take
affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion,
sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally
protected characteristics. Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant.
Submit Resume

Back to search results
See all roles in Seattle

https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200573737/aiml-software-engineer-machine-learning-platform-infrastructure 2/3
11/14/24, 4:39 PM AIML - Software Engineer, Machine Learning Platform & Infrastructure - Careers at Apple
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to
race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Learn more about your EEO rights
as an applicant.
Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. Learn more.
Apple will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law. If you’re applying for a position in San Francisco,
review the guidelines applicable in your area.
Apple participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations as required by law. Learn more about the E-Verify program.
Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Learn more.
Apple is a drug-free workplace. Learn more.
Careers at Apple Careers at Apple
Shop and Learn
Account
Store
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Watch
Vision
AirPods
TV & Home
AirTag
Accessories
Gift Cards
Apple Wallet
Wallet
Apple Card
Apple Pay
Apple Cash
Apple Store
Manage Your Apple ID
Find a Store
Apple Store Account
Genius Bar
iCloud.com
Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Today at Apple
Group Reservations
Apple Camp
Apple Store App
Certified Refurbished
Apple Trade In
Financing
Carrier Deals at Apple
Order Status
Shopping Help
More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE.
For Business
Apple and Business
Shop for Business
For Education
Apple and Education
Shop for K-12
Shop for College
For Healthcare
Apple in Healthcare
Health on Apple Watch
Health Records on iPhone
For Government
Shop for Government
Shop for Veterans and Military
Apple Values
Accessibility
Education
Environment
Inclusion and Diversity
Privacy
Racial Equity and Justice
Supply Chain
About Apple
Newsroom
Apple Leadership
Career Opportunities
Investors
Ethics & Compliance
Events
Contact Apple
Copyright © 2024 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map United States
https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200573737/aiml-software-engineer-machine-learning-platform-infrastructure 3/3